Update Resources tutorial to mention and use the GlobalClass annotation for C# (#9278)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/resources.rst

Without a script, it's useless, so let's add some data and logic!
Attach a script to it named ``bot_stats.gd`` (or just create a new script, and then drag it to it).

.. note::

>     If you're using C#, you need to annoate your Resource class with the ``[GlobalClass]`` annotation for it to show up in the create resource GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using C#, you need to annotate your Resource class with the ``[GlobalClass]`` attribute for it to show up in the create resource GUI.
```

This is called an attribute in C#, not an annotation.

      .. code-tab:: csharp

        using Godot;

>         [GlobalClass]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

        [GlobalClass]
```
